# SMTPprankGenerator
A prank e-mail generator.
It sends forged email using a third-party web server.
## Requirement
You should have the last version of Java installed or at least the [Java runtime env. 7](https://www.java.com/fr/download/faq/release_dates.xml).

The code is built using maven. It's not an absolute requirement but easier to build with [Apache Maven](https://maven.apache.org/).

OSes such as Windows, OSx or UNIX/Linux should no cause any problem.
## Manual
You need to compile the project using Maven. The recommended action is tu use `mvn clean install` to build the entire project.
Then you can launch the .jar generated by the manipulation.
You will find also some configuration files in the ressource folder.
They contain :
- `config.properties` that is a key-value file that specify the server address and port of the smtp server we want to use. It also contains the number of groups the user wants to set.
- `prankMail.utf8` that contain the subject and the body of every message we want to send. All messages should be separated by \###. the body is separated form the subject by one carriage return.
- `victims.utf8` : Represents the set of victims that the mails are going to be sent to. the first set of mails represents the list of potential senders and the second one is the list of the recipients. The two sets are separated by \***. 

As you certainly see they are multiple mails that we send to different groups. They are recognized by the separator of each property file. At each separator we know it's part of a new mail that consist of a sender, receivers and text message.

There is nothing more to know for a proper use of the application.
If you want to test it without annoying everyone, you can consider to use the [SMTP mock server called MockMock](https://github.com/tweakers-dev/MockMock) from [tweakers-dev](https://github.com/tweakers-dev) team.
## The code
The `ressource` folder contains the configuration files.
The app folder is where the main app is, and contains 3 packages:
- the package `impl`, that contains itself 5 classes. `Group` a class that deal with a group of victime, `GroupGenerator` that generate a group of victim out of a list of victim email, `Mail` that construct the mail object from a subjet and a body, `Recipient` that consists of a recipient mail address, `Sender` that consists of a sender mail address.
- The package `protocol` that contain the `SMTPprankClient` , the `PrankMailREader` and the `DefaultParameterSetterClass` that read the properties out of the class.
